Fix a typo in v5.2-performance-benchmarking-with-tpcc.md (#6870)
pingcap/docs: benchmark/v5.2-performance-benchmarking-with-tpcc.md

## Test overview

> This test aims to compare the TPC-C performance of TiDB v5.2.0 and TiDB v5.1.1 in the online analytical processing (OLAP) scenario. The results show that compared with v5.1.1, the TPC-C performance of v5.2.0 is reduced by 4.22%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test aims to compare the TPC-C performance of TiDB v5.2.0 and TiDB v5.1.1 in the online transactional processing (OLTP) scenario. The results show that compared with v5.1.1, the TPC-C performance of v5.2.0 is reduced by 4.22%.
```
